Update documentation for correct curl installation with wolfSSL and HTTP (#1855)
Azure/azure-iot-sdk-c: doc/devbox_setup.md

  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt-get install -y git cmake build-essential curl libcurl4-openssl-dev libssl-dev uuid-dev
  ```

>   NOTE: If you are planning to use HTTP with wolfSSL, you must instead configure curl before installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  NOTE: If you are planning to use HTTP with wolfSSL, you must instead curl before installation.
```

  1. Download the latest [curl](https://github.com/curl/curl/releases).

>   2. After extracting, enter the directory and run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. After extracting, change the working directory and run the following commands:
```

  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt-get install -y git cmake build-essential curl libcurl4-openssl-dev libssl-dev uuid-dev
  ```
  NOTE: If you are planning to use HTTP with wolfSSL, you must configure curl before installation.
  1. Download the latest [curl](https://github.com/curl/curl/releases).

>   2. See curl [documentation](https://curl.se/docs/install.html) to use the wolfSSL option for configuration.  Install.

Reviewer 2: few other things that can be added in this is 
1. Curl support with wolfssl
https://www.wolfssl.com/products/curl/
2. Which options are required by azure from wolfssl  lib : renegotiation

Author: good idea.  I'll do another PR since this is merged.
